Fixed typos in count-backwards-with-a-for-loop.md (#40478)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/count-backwards-with-a-for-loop.md

A for loop can also count backwards, so long as we can define the right conditions.

> In order to count backward by two, we'll need to change our `initialization`, `condition`, and `final-expression`.

Reviewer: What about the following?
```suggestion
In order to count back by two each time, we'll need to change our `initialization`, `condition`, and `final-expression`.
```

Reviewer 2: Would it be better to use more familiar jargon:
> In order to decrement by two each iteration...

Reviewer: @matias-miller I have updated my suggestion to reflect @ShaunSHamilton's wording.  Please click the `Commit suggestion` button above and write an appropriate commit message for it.  Thanks.
